Define severity, rule suppression, rule selection (#200)
Azure/template-analyzer: docs/authoring-json-rules.md

    "description": "Brief description of what the rule is evaluating",
    "recommendation": "Guidance describing what should be done to fix the issue if a template violates the rule",
    "helpUri": "URI to find more detailed information about the rule and how to fix a template",

>     "severity" : "Int value 1 - 3, with 1 being high and 3 being low, designating the importance of the rule",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "severity" : "Integer value between 1 and 3, with 1 being high and 3 being low, designating the importance of the rule",
```

- The `id` should look like `TA-NNNNNN`, with `NNNNNN` being the next unused number according to the [rule ids already defined](https://github.com/Azure/template-analyzer/blob/main/docs/built-in-bpa-rules.md).
- The `recommendation` should provide clear but concise guidance on how to modify a template if the rule fails.  If some details are somewhat complex, or the rule takes a bit more to understand, add those details to a guide accessible at the URI in `helpUri`.
- The `helpUri` is optional, but it is good practice to include.  For built-in rules, this will point to a guide in the GitHub repository.

> - The 'severity' is optional. If no severity is provided, it default evalutes to 2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `severity` is optional. If no severity is provided, it evaluates to 2 by default.
```

Reviewer: Unresolved as it is not fully fixed

> - The `severity` is optional. If no severity is provided, it evalutes to 2 by default.

Author: @VeraBE is that ok with you? 
I had originally put "it default evaluates to 2."

- The `id` should look like `TA-NNNNNN`, with `NNNNNN` being the next unused number according to the [rule ids already defined](https://github.com/Azure/template-analyzer/blob/main/docs/built-in-bpa-rules.md).
- The `recommendation` should provide clear but concise guidance on how to modify a template if the rule fails.  If some details are somewhat complex, or the rule takes a bit more to understand, add those details to a guide accessible at the URI in `helpUri`.
- The `helpUri` is optional, but it is good practice to include.  For built-in rules, this will point to a guide in the GitHub repository.

> - The `severity` is optional. If no severity is provided, it defaults to a severity of 2.

Reviewer 2: Yes
